The Parades Commission has granted permission for Garc to hold their parade on Friday evening subject to a number of conditions including directing it away from part of the notified route between Ardoyne Road or Crumlin Road.
However, lead author Terry Marsh from CEH said the national scale of last winter's floods were the most extreme on record. Storm Desmond began battering parts of the UK on 5 December, depositing a record month's worth of rain on Cumbria in just one day.
This was reflected in more divergence in the life expectancy, so by the time you get to about 1970 it was at its peak the difference in life expectancy was about 5.7 years.
Some snow is expected even at low levels in northern Scotland and other areas could see 2-3cm fall on higher ground. The yellow warning will remain in force until 11:00 on Sunday.
Writing in PLOS ONE they say the gene fault may encourage the formation of blood clots the ultimate cause of most heart attacks and strokes. But experts say lifestyle factors such as smoking and exercise have the greatest influence on risk.
Earlier in a senate hearing, Ms Triggs said that she had been asked to resign during a meeting on 3 February by the secretary of Attorney General George Brandis department.
The astronauts, including China's first woman in space, carried out a successful manual docking with the Tiangong-1 laboratory module. The three astronauts returned to the Shenzhou-9 spacecraft on Thursday and performed a manual separation from the space laboratory.

It accused the RMT of scaremongering and said driver-only operation is a safe, proven way of working which had been used on 40 % of trains across the Southern network for 25 years.
After 200 operations, she completed the 226km 140 mile Hawaii event on Sunday She has been hailed on social media as an amazing role model. She made her comeback in the Ironman Australia triathlon in May.
Tell Jurgen Klopp that -LSB- you have to be serious -RSB-, there's a time to be serious and a time where you do n't have to be, he added.
The train was pulling 57 carriages of mixed freight from Ohio to Georgia when it derailed just before midnight on Wednesday, the train's operators CSX said in a statement.
It added that a large number of applications from nurses with job offers in the UK were being rejected because of limits on the number of visas issued each month.
The latest pictures were acquired by the US space agency's Dawn spacecraft on its first full science orbit since arriving at Ceres on 6 March. The spots were seen from a distance of 13,600 km.
For girls, the figure was just 38 %, compared with 63 % for boys. She said : This study highlights that there is still much to do to keep children and young people active as they grow older, especially girls.
She added : In light of the continued solid performance of the labour market and our outlook for economic activity and inflation, I believe the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months.
While there is excitement at the prospect of using stem cells to restore nerves in the ear this exact technique will not help the vast, vast majority of people with hearing loss.
He said the new regime would see disabled benefits claimants assessed on a regular basis to determine whether they need more support with their ailments or help to get work.
But he said anyone who attempted to replicate Mr Johnson's style of leadership would be deluded as he was a unique figure in British politics. At the very point of his entry into the race for London mayor, Zac Goldsmith's decision revealed two big characteristics.
Ms Lynch tweeted it was time to focus on her marginal constituency while Mr McGinn said it was the right time to concentrate on his seat and his family.
Mr Holmstrom, aged 67, is a professor of economics and management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, while Mr Hart, born in 1948, is an economics professor at Harvard University in the US.
He said he was going to ask Nasa, which owns the rockets, for permission to display one of the engines in the Museum of Flight in his home city of Seattle.
Advocaat's departure also follows a trend set by Di Canio and Poyet of managers arriving to save the Black Cats from the drop, only to depart in the next season.
An unnamed government source told Japan's Kyodo news agency that the emperor, who plays a largely ceremonial role but is respected deeply by many Japanese, has been contemplating the move for about a year.
Mr Tsilikin, 54, was found on Thursday evening after friends and family had been unable to contact him. He also worked on a number of TV and radio programmes, as well as other newspapers and magazines.
Fire Minister Penny Mordaunt said fire and rescue authorities have robust plans in place for the weekend. Strike action due to take place in Wales has been averted after a significant change of direction by the Welsh government, the FBU said.
Substitution, Macclesfield Town. First Half ends, Eastleigh 0, Macclesfield Town 1. Substitution, Eastleigh. The visitors started brightly and broke the deadlock in the seventh minute when Rhys Browne found the bottom corner of Ryan Clarke's net.
A Welsh government spokesperson said : The Welsh government, for its part, is already taking action on many of the areas highlighted in this report through a draft Bill to strengthen the regulation and inspection of social services.
A High Court judge in Belfast had ruled that the PSNI should not have facilitated illegal parades, and was wrong to think it did not have legal powers to stop them.
Cologne resident Miriam was attacked as she and a friend made her way home on New Year's Eve. One of those held was being sought by Algerian authorities, and they may have been planning an attack in Germany, police said.
Mr Neil said : The # 30m Falkirk Local Government Pension Scheme fund investment will, I believe, act as a trailblazer and encourage other Scottish local authority pension fund trustees to take the plunge and invest in housing.
The Queen has two birthdays her real birthday on 21 April, and her official birthday held on a Saturday in June a tradition going back 250 years. It was introduced to try to ensure better weather for the monarch's official celebrations.
Plans were submitted to the Department of Health in October and the council hopes to launch the academy in April while contributing about Â # 120,000 a year, with local schools matching its total.
It's just that they do n't directly involve Ms Suu Kyi. Drafted in 2008, it entrenches the military's control of political life, guaranteeing it a quarter of the seats in the Hluttaw the Burmese parliament, and a veto over any changes to the constitution.
She was with a suspected Boko Haram fighter who is now in the Nigerian military's custody. They were taken by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram. The video was allegedly shot on Christmas Day 2015 and some of the girls were identified by their parents.
It was the team that was winning, he said. So you are in the game that when you perform very well you are never mentioned, and when there is a problem with the team you are the first guy to be pointed at.
The White Garden, at Kensington Palace, was planted to mark 20 years since Princess Diana died in a car crash. A spokeswoman for Kensington Palace said : The engagement will allow the princes to pay tribute to the life and work of their mother.
Turnout was 81.5 % in Rushcliffe the highest in the East Midlands and the only council area to vote Remain. Overall Nottinghamshire voted 57.9 % for Leave and 42.1 % for Remain.
Mr Lochhead announced he would use the amendment to request Scotland be excluded from European consents for the cultivation of GM crops. Responding to the letter, Mr Lochhead said he respected the views of those in the scientific community and would be happy to meet them.
It is unfortunately part of this sport that you have to accept. I have suffered big injuries in the rally crash, the 28-year-old said, but I am still lucky I am able to drive on a high level, although not any more in F1.
Prof Stringer was among those who believed that the first exit by modern humans from Africa that give rise to people outside of Africa today might have happened earlier, possibly 100,000 years ago.
He said that he had been asking the band to perform at the Isle of Wight for the last seven years. However, the organiser did say there would be some newer acts named on the line-up.
It is calling for faster broadband access for homes and business. The IoD report comes just days after communications watchdog Ofcom said BT must open up its cable network and allow competition to improve UK internet connections.
Mr Stefanini served in the Holy See as a deputy ambassador in the French embassy from 2001 to 2005. The nomination of Mr Stefanini was seen as a litmus test for Pope Francis, who has taken a more liberal stance on homosexuality.
Sadiq Khan said Lord Toby Harris of Haringey would review the capability, capacity and collaboration arrangements of every London agency. He will report his findings in summer.
Muslims reported being more frequently targeted in 2015, with 159 incidents reported compared with 99 in 2014, accounting for 12 % of all incidents. Police reported 1,362 criminal incidents across Canada motivated by hate, a 5 % increase from the previous year.
After Nazi Germany was defeated in 1945, the Allied forces handed the copyright to the book to the state of Bavaria. The copyright has now expired and Munich's Institute of Contemporary History is to publish a new edition.
He was much respected in the world of drumming and his style of reggae and ska was seen as genuinely ground-breaking when The Specials first hit the charts in 1979.
Footage showed the workers rescued through a hole cut in one of the glass windows of One World Trade Center. Mr Hansen told Reuters the building was designed with three cranes on top, two to suspend platforms and one for emergencies.
Heads and teachers have been complaining about deepening problems with funding shortages with warnings they might have to cut school hours. The National Association of Head Teachers said problems with school funding were very serious.