The Greater Ardoyne Residents Collective Garc is protesting against an agreement aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in the area.
Gales and heavy rain swept across large parts of the UK, causing devastating flooding in Cumbria and Lancashire, as well as parts of southern Scotland.
Prof Les Mayhew said the difference between the sexes peaked at nearly six years in the 1970s.
The yellow warning will remain in force until 11:00 on Sunday.
Writing in PLOS ONE they say the gene fault may encourage the formation of blood clots the ultimate cause of most heart attacks and strokes.
Gillian Triggs told a senate committee that she had been asked to resign and offered a new role.
The astronauts, including China's first woman in space, carried out a successful manual docking with the Tiangong-1 laboratory module.

Southern warned passengers to expect difficult and frustrating journeys throughout the day.
Turia Pitt received burns to 65 % of her body and was told she would never compete again after the 2011 ultra-marathon in Western Australia.
The ex-Middlesbrough assistant, who held the same post at Hartlepool under Colin Cooper from 2013 to 2014, succeeded Ronnie Moore on Wednesday.
The train was carrying a flammable, toxic substance called acrylonitrile when it came off the rails near Maryville, just outside Knoxville.
While it limits recruitment from outside the EU, it has stimulated recruitment from EU countries, the home affairs select committee said.
The latest pictures were acquired by the US space agency's Dawn spacecraft on its first full science orbit since arriving at Ceres on 6 March.
University College London researchers found just 51 % of the 6,500 children they monitored achieved the recommended hour of physical activity each day.
She said economic growth and a stronger jobs market meant the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months.
Getting the same improvement in people would be a shift from being unable to hear traffic to hearing a conversation.
He said the reforms including tougher criteria for people seeking disability allowances would help and benefit those who wanted to return to work.
The Richmond Park and North Kingston MP said he was honoured after winning 70 % of the 9,227 votes cast using an online primary system.
His decision to replace chief whip Dame Rosie Winterton with Nick Brown was met with some surprise last week.
Judges said their work laid an intellectual foundation for policies in areas such as bankruptcy legislation and political constitutions.
He says that he's found the engines from the Apollo 11 space rocket the craft that carried the first men to the moon in 1969.
He guided them to safety and was due to leave the club in the summer, only to sign a new one-year contract.
The 82-year-old, who has had health problems in recent years, reportedly does not wish to remain emperor if he has to reduce his official duties.
Mr Tsilikin, 54, was found on Thursday evening after friends and family had been unable to contact him.
Fire Brigades Union FBU members walked out at 18:00 GMT on Friday and are due back on 4 November.
The visitors started brightly and broke the deadlock in the seventh minute when Rhys Browne found the bottom corner of Ryan Clarke's net.
A review of homes in Wales said they were seen as places of irreversible decline where residents were unable to do things that matter to them.
The ruling was quashed after an appeal. The UK Supreme Court has now been asked to overturn the decision.
The city in western Germany is putting 2,500 police officers on the streets for the week-long event.
The local authority has awarded the sum to Hearthstone Investments, a London property fund which hopes to build 1,000 new homes across the country.
I am most grateful for the many digital messages of goodwill I have received and would like to thank you all for your kindness, she wrote.
West Berkshire Council is setting up an emotional health academy to train psychology graduates and health professionals.
So is she right? Has the much vaunted Burmese reform project ground to a halt?
She was one of 219 pupils missing since they were abducted from a secondary school in eastern Chibok in April 2014.
Carlos Ghosn, Renault's chairman and chief executive officer, also hinted the company's relationship with Red Bull is likely to end this year.
The White Garden, at Kensington Palace, was planted to mark 20 years since Princess Diana died in a car crash.
Rushcliffe, which includes the towns of West Bridgford and Bingham, was the only area to vote for Remain.
Rural Affairs Secretary Richard Lochhead announced the move earlier this month.
When you do everything you can to be an F1 driver and suddenly it stops, it's not painful but it's definitely not something you were looking for.
The genome sequence from a thigh bone found in Siberia shows the first episode of mixing occurred between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago.
The band's set at Seaclose Park will be their only festival show of the year.
An IoD report, Ultrafast Britain, says the UK is lagging behind many European nations when installing fibre optic cables that enable the fastest broadband connections.
The French government proposed senior diplomat Laurent Stefanini for the post in January but the Vatican is yet to respond to approve the choice.
Sadiq Khan said Lord Toby Harris of Haringey would review the capability, capacity and collaboration arrangements of every London agency.
Police reported 1,362 criminal incidents across Canada motivated by hate, a 5 % increase from the previous year.
Reprinting the anti-Semitic book was banned after WW2 by Bavaria's regional government, which held the copyright.
Bradbury joined The Specials in 1979, and continued with the reversioned band The Special AKA, who had a top 10 hit with Free Nelson Mandela.
Footage showed the workers rescued through a hole cut in one of the glass windows of One World Trade Center.
Heads and teachers have been complaining about deepening problems with funding shortages with warnings they might have to cut school hours.